>> Richard Feldman: So we're gonna
start off with a brief introduction.
This is gonna kinda go over what Elm is,
who's using it.
Some of the costs, cuz every technology
has some costs and, of course,
some benefits that come with those costs.
And finally, we're gonna talk about some
of the overall structure of the workshop.
Okay, so elm fundamentally is
a programming language that compiles to
JavaScript.
So it's a separate programming language
from language from JavaScript in the sense
that it's got its own semantics,
it's got its own syntax.
But it does compile to JavaScript,
which is important because that's how
web browsers are able to understand it.
You might be familiar with Babel.
Babel is another programming language
that compiles to JavaScript.
So Elm does essentially
the same thing that Babel does,
except the difference is that, whereas
Babel has semantics that are intentionally
very similar to JavaScript's,
Elm has its own semantics,
its own syntax,
separate programming language.
TypeScript is another example
of a programming language that
compiles as JavaScript.
Again, very intentionally close to
JavaScript, but as well we'll see,
Elm has a more significant departure from
JavaScript, and that comes with costs and
benefits.
There's companies of all
different sizes using Elm.
Some big ones that are publicly traded
companies that you've probably heard of,
all the way down to smaller companies and
then sort of everything in between.
Most of these companies are using
Elm in various different ways.
So I believe Amazon,
the AWS team uses it for internal tools.
I think that's how Microsoft is using it,
too.
Whereas we use it to power our entire
front end, that's how Culture Amp does it,
and everything in between.
So depending on the company and
what they use Elm for,
you might find that different companies
have different reasons for using it.